README.md, before:

# Competitive Programming

Some of the programs I coded to train for IEEEXtreme and Google Code Jam.
Most of them are classic programming problems or challenges found in websites like [CSAcademy](csacademy.com), [DMOJ](dmoj.ca) and [HackerRank](hackerrank.com)

## Problems

- [Coin Change](https://github.com/AlecBp/competitive-programming/blob/master/CoinChange/src/coinchange/CoinChange.java)
- [Longest Common Subsequence](https://github.com/AlecBp/competitive-programming/blob/master/LongestCommonSubsequence/src/longestcommonsubsequence/LongestCommonSubsequence.java)
- [Vangelis the Batbear and the Bubbles Challenge](https://github.com/AlecBp/competitive-programming/blob/master/VangelisTheBatbearAndTheBubblesChallenge/src/vangelisthebatbearandthebubbleschallenge/VangelisTheBatbearAndTheBubblesChallenge.java)
- [BeetleBag](https://github.com/AlecBp/competitive-programming/blob/master/BeetleBag/src/beetlebag/BeetleBag.java)
- [Matrix Chain Multiplication](https://github.com/AlecBp/competitive-programming/blob/master/MatrixChainMultiplication/src/matrixchainmultiplication/MatrixChainMultiplication.java)

## Utilities
- [Managed Array](https://github.com/AlecBp/competitive-programming/blob/master/ManagedArray/src/managedarray/ManagedArray.java)
- [Sorts Benchmark](https://github.com/AlecBp/competitive-programming/blob/master/SortsBenchmark/src/sortsbenchmark/SortsBenchmark.java)

Commit message:

Included graphs project and fixed managed array project url

README.md, after:

# Competitive Programming

Some of the programs I coded to train for IEEEXtreme and Google Code Jam.
Most of them are classic programming problems or challenges found in websites like [CSAcademy](csacademy.com), [DMOJ](dmoj.ca) and [HackerRank](hackerrank.com)

## Problems

- [Coin Change](https://github.com/AlecBp/competitive-programming/blob/master/CoinChange/src/coinchange/CoinChange.java)
- [Longest Common Subsequence](https://github.com/AlecBp/competitive-programming/blob/master/LongestCommonSubsequence/src/longestcommonsubsequence/LongestCommonSubsequence.java)
- [Vangelis the Batbear and the Bubbles Challenge](https://github.com/AlecBp/competitive-programming/blob/master/VangelisTheBatbearAndTheBubblesChallenge/src/vangelisthebatbearandthebubbleschallenge/VangelisTheBatbearAndTheBubblesChallenge.java)
- [BeetleBag](https://github.com/AlecBp/competitive-programming/blob/master/BeetleBag/src/beetlebag/BeetleBag.java)
- [Matrix Chain Multiplication](https://github.com/AlecBp/competitive-programming/blob/master/MatrixChainMultiplication/src/matrixchainmultiplication/MatrixChainMultiplication.java)

## Utilities
- [Managed Array](https://github.com/AlecBp/competitive-programming/blob/master/ManagedArray)
- [Sorts Benchmark](https://github.com/AlecBp/competitive-programming/blob/master/SortsBenchmark/src/sortsbenchmark/SortsBenchmark.java)
- [Graphs - DW](https://github.com/AlecBp/competitive-programming/blob/master/Graphs)
    - Goal: Generalized graph library, capable of handling as many types of graphs as possible with most famous graphs' algorithms implemented.
    - Current state: DWG with BFS, DFS and Topological Sort.
